Wow, just setting up folders and creating migrations takes awhile
DONE, haven't yet done views, and then there's the login/sessions, looking at older labs

Just keep working through one step at a time.

1. login/logout
  -- GET to /login and get login form
  -- POST to /login to submit login form
  -- GET to /logout -- clear the session hash
2. current_user and logged_in?
3. only user can edit their own tweets
4. Signup
  -- Put signup link on homepage
  -- GET to get the form /signup. log in user, add user_id to sessions hash
  -- POST to /signup submit -- this should create the user and save to db

5.

5. edit -- two actions
  -- GET /tweets/:id/edit
  -- POST /tweets/:id
  -- put edit link on tweet show page

6. delete POST to tweets/:id/delete
  -- the form should be on the tweet show page. No fields, just a button.


  ApplicationController
    Homepage
      loads the homepage (FAILED - 1)
    Signup Page
      loads the signup page (FAILED - 2)
      signup directs user to twitter index (FAILED - 3)
      does not let a user sign up without a username (FAILED - 4)
      does not let a user sign up without an email (FAILED - 5)
      does not let a user sign up without a password (FAILED - 6)
      does not let a logged in user view the signup page (FAILED - 7)
    login
      loads the login page (FAILED - 8)
      loads the tweets index after login (FAILED - 9)
      does not let user view login page if already logged in (FAILED - 10)
    logout
      lets a user logout if they are already logged in (FAILED - 11)
      does not let a user logout if not logged in (FAILED - 12)
      does not load /tweets if user not logged in (FAILED - 13)
      does load /tweets if user is logged in (FAILED - 14)
    user show page
      shows all a single users tweets (FAILED - 15)
    index action
      logged in
        lets a user view the tweets index if logged in (FAILED - 16)
      logged out
        does not let a user view the tweets index if not logged in (FAILED - 17)
    new action
      logged in
        lets user view new tweet form if logged in (FAILED - 18)
        lets user create a tweet if they are logged in (FAILED - 19)
        does not let a user tweet from another user (FAILED - 20)
        does not let a user create a blank tweet (FAILED - 21)
      logged out
        does not let user view new tweet form if not logged in (FAILED - 22)
    show action
      logged in
        displays a single tweet (FAILED - 23)
      logged out
        does not let a user view a tweet (FAILED - 24)
    edit action
      logged in
        lets a user view tweet edit form if they are logged in (FAILED - 25)
        does not let a user edit a tweet they did not create (FAILED - 26)
        lets a user edit their own tweet if they are logged in (FAILED - 27)
        does not let a user edit a text with blank content (FAILED - 28)
      logged out
        does not load let user view tweet edit form if not logged in (FAILED - 29)
    delete action
      logged in
        lets a user delete their own tweet if they are logged in (FAILED - 30)
        does not let a user delete a tweet they did not create (FAILED - 31)
      logged out
        does not load let user delete a tweet if not logged in (FAILED - 32)

  User
    can slug the username (FAILED - 33)
    can find a user based on the slug (FAILED - 34)
    has a secure password (FAILED - 35)
